questions for Kobe first question right
here in the second row sitting down Kobe
how do you guys bounce back from just
this type of loss whine about it tonight
a lot of wine a lot of beer a couple
shots maybe like 20 of them digest it
get back to work tomorrow know you can
do it fell on the right Kobe
what's your feeling right now stunned
deflated certainly more than just
disappointed oh yeah I mean we let a
huge opportunity slip away so no upset
hurt disappoint this is usual offs no
doubt about it just get back back to
work more on the left side standing up
cope Ted Silva KFWB radio two things you
know realistically
on paper it's got to be tough to beat
this team three straight talked about
your thoughts on that and also what the
hell happened out there nothing about
being them through straight we thing
about beating them on Sunday then you
move on from there take one swing at a
table chop down a tree and we gave them
a lot of fast-break points without and
get back in the game you know with free
throws and three-point opportunities and
that's a deadly combination is it almost
hard to believe
welcome I'm a realist it happen it is
what it is the same times a lot of
positive things that we did so we got to
take the good things that we did well in
this game understand what we did wrong
in the third quarter they move on from
there and we'll take care of business on
Sunday
Kobe rolling Lazenby Lindy's sports the
third quarter has been a problem
throughout the series for you how much a
shot selection played a factor in that
well yeah I think you know they did a
good job for us to take difficult shots
I think the defensive picked up but
still in all we did a much better job in
the first half getting back on defense
we got to be able to get back and cut
down those easy opportunities and like I
said not put them to the free
a lot of giving timely timely
three-point opportunities Jim a lot
coley Jim Hill KCBS TV was it a matter
of what the Celtics did to you or what
you did to yourselves that allowed them
to come back from such a big deficit
yeah I think it's a combination of both
always you know it's a combination of
their defense combination of our poor
execution you know but it's time for us
to get back to the basics understand
what we did right try to impose I will
next game Kobe Joe Grande am 570 Kelly
Sea Ray Allen was on you at the
beginning of the game they switched up
with Paul Pierce talk about the
difference in the different personnel on
you there's no difference they are
determined to not let me beat them
tonight I saw three or four bodies every
time I touched the ball beside you have
you said anything to the team yet or any
as a leader if you kind of had a talk
with an your teammates it no not right
now not right now I think it's right now
it's important for everybody to be a
little disappointing a little pissed off
no it's humor human nature but tomorrow
just gotta get back to work
did Phil say anything to him after the
game or just you just kind of let it sit
just let us sit in the back David David
amber with ESPN as a scorer how
difficult is it when you don't make a
basket in that first half to get into
that offensive rhythm you need to be in
in the second half well I mean you just
try to you know read the flow of the
game
like I said I saw three four bodies all
night so it was just about making the
pass and trying to get guys open
opportunities if they don't have to open
opportunities and move the ball but you
know in terms of my personal rhythm it's
a little bit more difficult to keep
going when you got three four guys
running at you but and I think we did
some positive things and you know we'll
look to go back to that the next game
Nick
Colby Victor brick I am five-seven KAC I
know I'm gonna get a positive question
that I'm some optimistic hey I'm the
only optimist in this whole room 48
minutes left man 4
eight minutes every to every game is
unique and singular in its own way you
know that third quarter though
opportunity to go for the jugular up 18
at the half what was what prevented it
prevented the squad from really going
the next level emotionally and going for
the kill
no we just wet the bed it's nice big one
to one of the ones you can't put a towel
over huh it's terrible I know you can do
about it man look they played great the
third quarter we played like crap they
got back in the game they pulled out a
great win now it's time to move on to
the next one period any other questions
for Kobe all right thank you this
reminder it's closing for tonight but
again for practice tomorrow at El
Segundo Doc Rivers me